I love what you two are doing with this
house but what are you gonna do with
five bedrooms you guys are obviously
never having kids
what was that look I did not do the look
you're doing to look right now there's
no look I have a good fight guys there's
so many kids in foster care
yeah they're having an orientation rally
people who take in foster kids are
really special the kind of people who
volunteer when it's not even a holiday
we don't even volunteer on a holiday
million children are currently in foster
care the county put C's on because they
can match a lot of kids and parents
quickly look at this everybody's
avoiding but they're teenagers okay
nobody's drugs and they watch people
playing video games on YouTube they're
not equipped for any of that
hey miss FYI we can all hear you hmm
okay let me go with the kitties and
don't give it another thought
bye bye she was cool Lizzy comes with
two younger siblings three kids too much
oh my god
why would you show us that that's wrong
Helia make yourself at home because
you're at home do you like more of a
Lakers fan Clippers are awesome they
were smart for trading Blake Griffin
your best player to the fire department
comes okay you're just another white
lady who wants to adopt charity orphans
make you feel good about your spouse
Tenenbaums
we might have a little bit of a knack
for this oh I beg to differ
this stuff takes time busy and apparent
wantedly to all by herself are going to
be easy but with some structure and love
you could make your
we love you please go away but I'm
pissed you know what I'd like to do
[Music]
I let me take four okay
just cut my firts daddy what's up dad
hey honey can I help you with anything
no what are you doing in my phone
looking with this boy texted her I saw
the picture you sent critique it yeah
I'll end your life right now carrot top
I gotta call your mom you're going down
to tango what do you think of that
shaken my name is on Jacob what okay
okay okay
[Music]